Feat188 patterns weaves (#192)
federated-research/docs: website/pages/federated_research_patterns/platforms.mdx

# Platform Patterns

> There are dozens of federated platforms that could be used by the researcher to perform their federated analytics or federated learning projects. 

Reviewer: I would hyperlink `federated platforms` here to the "Current" anchor below

> There are dozens of [federated platforms](#current-platforms) that could be used by the researcher to perform their federated analytics or federated learning projects. 

Reviewer 2: This feels pedantic - but I wouldn't use the word `dozens` and then link to a list of six (although I agree there are dozens out there!) Maybe just `many` ?

```suggestion
There are many of [federated platforms](#current-platforms) that could be used by the researcher to perform their federated analytics or federated learning projects. 
```

> Whilst there may be a few different patterns for the types of federation, our expectation is that there wont be many patterns between our the various platforms have decided to implement their approaches. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Whilst there may be a few different patterns for the types of federation, our expectation is that there won't be many patterns between the various platforms that have decided to implement their approaches. 
```

> Whilst there may be a few different patterns for the types of federation, our expectation is that there won't be many patterns between the various platforms that have decided to implement their approaches. 

Reviewer 4: I'm finding this really hard to understand.

maybe something like this still captures what you meant, but is clearer:
Whilst there may be only a few types of federation, the various platforms tend to differ in how they implement them.
```suggestion
Whilst there may be only a few types of federation, the various platforms tend to differ in how they implement them.
```

## Initiate

> A federated analysis or federated learning project usually will start with some command to initiate the project. At this 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A federated analysis or federated learning project usually will start with some commands to initiate the project. At this 
```

stage we are collecting information from platform providers to understand if they are using an API specification that captures how a federated project is initiated.  

> Therefore, at this stage, we will list the API specification for the receiving of the analysis to run across the network

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Therefore, at this stage, we will list the API specification for the receiving of the analysis to run across the network.
```

> Therefore, at this stage, we will list the API specification for the receiving of the analysis to run across the network

Reviewer 4: One of the software vendors (I forget which one, but it's probably on the last set of slides/in the paper) didn't use an API, they had a CLI. So should we expand our definition to include this possibility? State API/CLI, or say "programmatic interface" or "automated interface" to encompass both?

## Process
Each TRE will be asked to process some local job, and that local processing can equally be initiated by an API. We have seperated out the API specification that initiates
a federated project and the API specification that is used to initiate a local processing incase these are different.

Therefore, at this stage, we will list the API specification for API that is to request the processing of the analysis with a TRE.

## Metadata
todo

> ## Current Patterns 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Current Platforms 
```
?

> todo

Reviewer 2: If this TODO is for you before merge then fine.

Otherwise - I think it's fine to show that we intend to do a Metadata piece here in the future, but we should say that and not just a todo.

Something like; `We anticipate listing the specifications of metadata that will be required to perform analysis.`
